Update experiment-management-api-experiments.md (#432)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/experiment-apis/en/experiment-management-api-experiments.md

|<div class="med-big-column">Name</div>|Requirement|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|---|

> |`group_type`| Optional | string | Group type of the filter; can be null. Can be `User` value or one of the group values, eg `org_id`, `org name` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`group_type`| Optional | string | Group type of the filter; can be null. Can be `User` value or one of the group values, for example `org_id` or `org name` |
```

> |`subprop_key`| Required | string | Filter's key; cannot be null. |

Author: was this documented that the key can file null somewhere?

Reviewer: I'll need to check. I don't remember documenting this as such.

> |`subprop_key`| Required | string | Filter's key; cannot be null. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`subprop_key`| Required | string | Filter's key; can't be null. |
```
